feat: provide diagnostic for unused colocated fragments (#42)
0no-co/GraphQLSP: .changeset/sour-feet-hear.md

---
'@0no-co/graphqlsp': minor
---

> Add a `message` diagnostic when we see an import that has `fragment` exports that aren't used in the file

Author: ```suggestion
Add a `message` diagnostic when we see an import from a file that has `fragment` exports we'll warn you when they are not imported, this because of the assumption that to use this file one would have to adhere to the data requirements of said file.
You can choose to disable this setting by setting `shouldCheckForColocatedFragments` to `false`
```
